The I.N.S. Gugnir is named after Odins spear. 
It was crafted at the same time as Mjolnir and Freyja''s flying boat. 
These items were crafted because Loki magically removed the hair of Thors wife. 
When Thor threatened to break every bone in Lokis body every day for eternity if he did not fix it. 
Loki hatched a clever plan to trick dwarves into solving the problem for him. So he went to the sons of Ivaldi and pretty much told them that all the gods thought they sucked at making shit, and if they wanted to prove that they did not suck they would need to enter into a competition against Brok and Itri where each party would make three items, and the Sons of Ivaldi agreed. 
Loki told them that one of the items must be magic golden hair.
Next Loki went to Brok and Itri, and he told them that the Sons of Ivaldi were throwing mad shade about them and if they wanted to disprove it then they would need to accept the challenge issued by the Sons of Ivaldi, Brok accepted on the condition that if he won he could cut off Loki''s head.
Loki agreed and simly decided to prevent Brok and Itri from winning.

Itri asked Brok to work the bellows and made it clear that he needed to be absolutely and completely consistent or the whole porject would be ruined.
As Brok was working the bellows, Loki, who was disguised as a horse fly, began biting at the back of Broks neck to distract him. Brok toughed it out and Draupnir, a golden self replicating armband for Odin, was born.
Itri began forging their second project, and Brok pumped the bellows as dutifully as before. 
This time, Loki attacked Brok's face and forhead. Brok once again toughed it out even as blood from the bites flowed into his eyes, he did not break pace while maintaining the forge's temperature.
Itri returned with Hildisvini, the living boar that would be given to Freyja.

Finally Itri set work on what he said would be their most amazing project to date, and Brok began working the bellows.
Loki, now desperate to not have his head cut off, because biting at Brok's eyes. Brok endured as much as he could, but eventually his rage took over.
As he pushed the grip on the pump back up, he quickly released on hand to swat at the fly one time, not breaking pace but sacrificing the slightest bit of strength to address this fly.
When Itri returned, he was furious. He was holding a large warhammer but it's handle was that of a sword rather than a hammer.

Itri berated Brok for the temperature fluctuations at the end of the forge. They had ruined the handle of the hammer, but they did not have enough material to try again.
Brok then travelled to Asgard with their offerings.

The Sons of Ivaldi presented Thor with magical hair made out of gold for his wife which grew like normal hair and infused with her scalp.
To Freyja they presented a flying warship which could be folded up like a cloth and placed in ones pocket.
To Odin they presented Gungnir, a spear which never missed its target, always returned to the hand of the owner, and oaths that were sworn upon it could never be broken.

Next, Brok began his presentation. He gave Draupnir to Odin, explaining that every nine nights, nine copies of it are made meaning Odin would now have infinite riches.
He gave Hildisvini to Freyja, a barely destructible battle boar that she could ride into war.
Finally he presented the hammer to Thor. Called Mjolnir, the hammer never missed its target when thrown and always returned to the owners hand. 
It was impossibly heavy, so only Thor while wearing Meningjord could weild it alone. The Hammer could also change its size so that it could be work as an amulet under Thor's shirt, or grown to the size of a mountain as Thor chose.

Thor thought this weapon was perfect, except for the handle being too short (but he could get over it) and he quickly declared Brok and Itri as the winners.

Brok, with Odin the God of Wisdom and Oaths as his witness, tried to claim his reward per the promise sworn by Loki at the beginning.
But Loki being the weasel he was explained to Odin that the promise was "to cut off my head" and that if Brok were to cut into Loki's NECK at all then that would be breaking the promise.

The God of Oaths agreed that what Loki said was technically true, so Brok whispered something to him. Once Brok had said his secret piece, Oding laughed and said "I think that will work."
So Brok went to Loki and sewed a piece of leather onto his mouth so he could not speak anymore.